very good to all boys how about
you are but this good first periods
sorry for the voice I have a little mouth
touched and some days bad of the voice but
good in principle bourget so that what
You see, we did not have a little pique yesterday
among all this poker and addicts to upload
rounds to see who were the first to
they arrived at 50 and well I put myself with
Mr. taster and tyler and we got this
strategy for cooperative is not the most
fast is nothing more
let's say good but more or less it's safe
the truth
it is quite safe and good as we are from
the old-fashioned nor any bombs of the
time or anything like that just monkeys and
then safeguards and the special weapon is
although good
the special weapon is new the truth
that a little bit of cognac slows down a lot
answer them which I do not know I do not
ends up convincing although we know that
with the human network we are spending a lot
a lot of ammunition and he's not going to have us
we will have no choice but to say no
have but there is no other way
use it because
let's spend the ammunition quickly
from rooting a sea ​​and it is very fucking to throw
of cash on this map in some places
over all it's pretty fucked there's only
I think a site where basically
you can throw it then
as with a dragon zombie ball
if you do not forget and well talking a
little bit of the strategy was basically
we kill here in the titan area by the
hallway to this
at this moment I 'm killing myself because
I was already fucked me only ammunition
He is carrying ammunition if I cover one
good up where cut and space
down the stairs that is high down then
I only carried ammunition in case
cut off some zombie or the way out there
then remove it quickly without me
kill yourself and good he joined here ahead
of
of the room and we were not the truth
we quite open the whole map myself
I think that if this strategy is done at
better even without opening the whole map
then you get to do whatever it is to do a little
even faster because when using the
weapon as I said because it slows down
quite the spam and good the bitch does not
they killed us the connection was not us
have an error that he had never given us
and well this morning I found out about
that certain people have given him that
only yesterday's error is like a new guy
leave spam I do not know to what extent
It will be good
this weapon that slows down the game so much
I do not know what has brought water there
now you will see how we fall under pressure
you will see the little message that he gave us and good
this messenger I found out this morning
he gave it to view yesterday sure you have
seen by the channel or the channel
seals a guiri because we usually play
Sometimes he gave us this little message
Fuck because to a round of so what
that you had planned to arrive at 50
and committing suicide save the dough even in
the bank can not even keep it big
bitch the truth we put ourselves I think that
fifth and sixth if I'm not wrong the
you will have the tiger channel for the
description the strategy of rather is
from him I only contributed when at
times he fell to revive him and kill
little bit more here you will see
fifth and sixth already today when I've seen
this is in 20 there but good
a round which I understand I do not believe you either
in a big thing but good to do in the
first day pretty easy from my point
of sight although quite heavy the
true and good kids life favorite
if you like the video subscribe for
more videos kisses in the buttonhole for everything
as I always say goodbye